# 翻译一下下面的英文对应的是什么中文熟语吧

翻译一下下面的英文对应的是什么中文熟语吧 ：）

> Dr Dragan Dabic's website is still online. In addition to noting that Dr Dragan Dabic "settled in China where he specialized in alternative medicine, with a special emphasis on the mind-body control, meditation, Yoga, spiritual cleansing, as well as Chinese herbs", the website lists the dodgy doctor's ten favorite "Chinese proverbs" in English.
> 
> They are:
> 
> + Behind every able man, there are always other able men.
> 
> + Teacher opens the door, but you must enter by yourself.
> 
> + A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows the public opinion.
> 
> + He who cannot agree with his enemies is controlled by them.
> 
> + If your strength is small, don't carry heavy burdens. If your words are worthless, don't give advice.
> 
> + A flawed diamond is better than a common stone that is perfect.
> 
> + Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
> 
> + If you are planning for a year, sow rice; if you are planning for a decade, plant trees; if you are planning for a lifetime, teach people.
> 
> + You cannot prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can prevent them from building nests in your hair.
> 
> + He who turns in his own, shall dig two graves.


我不感兴趣此人是谁。也对其另类意料十分怀疑！但我想试试自己是否能找出上面对应的中文熟语。：）

现在开始：

人外有人

师傅令进门，修行在个人

A wise man makes his own decisions, an ignorant man follows the public opinion.

He who cannot agree with his enemies is controlled by them.

If your strength is small, don't carry heavy burdens. If your words are worthless, don't give advice.

暇不掩瑜

艺不压身 ？？

If you are planning for a year, sow rice; if you are planning for a decade, plant trees; if you are planning for a lifetime, teach people.

You cannot prevent the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can prevent them from building nests in your hair.

He who turns in his own, shall dig two graves.

没翻译的都是我不知道是什么？

大家帮忙！


2008-08-15